Rewrite the Contribute Code section (#5492)
Scille/parsec-cloud: CONTRIBUTING.md

Please fill in the required fields and add any extra information that might help us understand the issue.

> A bug issue should also be only about **one thing** - if you have found multiple related things, please file multiple issues and link the issues (cross-referencing by mentioning the related issues in the descriptions - that will make GitHub automatically add respective links).

### Filing Features

> Fill the issue form [here](https://github.com/Scille/parsec-cloud/issues/new?assignees=&labels=B-Triage%2CC-Feature-Request&projects=&template=feature-request.yml&title=%5B%F0%9F%9A%80+%7C+Feature+request%5D%3A+)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit your feature request [here](https://github.com/Scille/parsec-cloud/issues/new?assignees=&labels=B-Triage%2CC-Feature-Request&projects=&template=feature-request.yml&title=%5B%F0%9F%9A%80+%7C+Feature+request%5D%3A+).
```

Take your time when filling the form.

> Try describing your use case and goals, rather than only / directly jumping into a specific, concrete proposal for a solution is very important.
> As this allows us to take into account the bigger picture.
> If you "only" propose concrete solution, and that doesn't fit in, we might need to reverse engineer your actual use case / goals first to then come up with a solution that fits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are usually many ways to solve a problem: try describing your use case and goals before jumping into specific, concrete proposal for a solution. 
This helps us seeing the big picture. If you "only" propose a concrete solution, and we consider it doesn't fit in, we will need to guess what is your actual use case before coming up with a solution that fits.
```
